Hi, my name is Aaron Brown.
I built some lighter obstacle detection content
in projects that I'm excited to share with you.
In this course, we'll be talking about sensor fusion,
which is the process of taking data from multiple sensors and
combining it to give us a better understanding of the world around us.
For instance, lidar is higher resolution than radar,
but radar can directly measure velocity.
By using the advantages of both these sensors,
you can get high spatial understanding where an object is at and
at the same time a good idea of how fast it is moving.
Before doing sensor fusion though,
you need to understand how to process
raw lidar data to detect where obstacles are at inside of it.
So to get started let's check out in my opinion one of
the most exciting self-driving car sensors lidar.